Improve enrich mediator content (#1028)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/mediators/enrich-mediator.md

Reviewer: Let's reword line 504: Therefore, the JSON path will be as follows:

Example 8 and 9: Let's update the names.

</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>Source Type</strong></td>
<td>The type that the mediator uses from the original message to enrich the modified message that passes through the mediator. Possible values are:
<ul>
<li><strong>Custom</strong>: Custom <a href="{{base_path}}/reference/synapse-properties/expressions">expression</a> can be configured and the value is extracted dynamically.</li>
<li><strong>Envelope</strong>: SOAP envelope of the original message used for enriching.</li>
<li><strong>Body</strong>: SOAP body of the original message used for enriching.</li>
<li><strong>Property</strong>: Specifies a property. For information on how you can use the property mediator to specify properties, see <a href="{{base_path}}/reference/mediators/property-mediator">Property Mediator</a>.</li>
<li><strong>Inline</strong>: Specifies the source content defined inline in XML or JSON.</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

### Target configuration

The following properties are available:

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Parameter Name</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>Target Action</strong></td>

> <td>By specifying the action type, the relevant action can be applied to modified message. Possible values are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>By specifying the action type, the relevant action can be applied to the modified message. Possible values are:
```

<ul>
<li><strong>Replace</strong>: This replaces the message based on the target type specified on the target configuration. This is the default value for Target Action.</li>
<li><strong>Child</strong>: Add as a child of the specified target type.</li>
<li><strong>Sibling</strong>: Add as a sibling of the specified target type.</li>
<li><strong>Remove</strong>: Remove a selected part. This is supported only for JSON messages.</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><strong>Target Type</strong></td>

> <td>By specifying the action type, the relevant action can be applied to modified message. Possible values are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>By specifying the action type, the relevant action can be applied to the modified message. Possible values are:
```

        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th rowspan="6" style="vertical-align: middle; text-align: center;">Source type</th>
            <th></th>
            <th>custom</th>
            <th>envelope</th>
            <th>body</th>
            <th>property</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>custom</th>
            <td>valid</td>
            <td>invalid</td>
            <td>valid</td>
            <td>valid</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>envelope</th>
            <td>invalid</td>
            <td>invalid</td>
            <td>invalid</td>
            <td>valid</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>body</th>
            <td>valid</td>
            <td>invalid</td>
            <td>invalid</td>
            <td>valid</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>property</th>
            <td>valid</td>
            <td>valid</td>
            <td>valid</td>
            <td>valid</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>inline</th>
            <td>valid</td>
            <td>valid</td>
            <td>valid</td>
            <td>valid</td>
        </tr>
    </table>

## Examples
    
### Example 1: Set the property symbol

> In this example, you are setting the envelope of the original message as a property. Later, you can log it using the [Log Mediator]({{base_path}}/reference/mediators/log-mediator).

Author: ```suggestion
In this example, you'll set the envelope of the original message as a property. Later, you can log it using the [Log Mediator]({{base_path}}/reference/mediators/log-mediator).
```

The following properties are available:

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Parameter Name</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="even">
<td><strong>Clone</strong></td>

> <td>By setting the clone configuration, the message can be cloned or used as a reference during enriching. The default value is true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>By setting the clone configuration, the message can be cloned or used as a reference during enriching. The default value is <code>true</code>.
```

</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>Source Type</strong></td>
<td>The type that the mediator uses from the original message to enrich the modified message that passes through the mediator. Possible values are:
<ul>

> <li><strong>Custom</strong> : Custom <a href="{{base_path}}/reference/synapse-properties/expressions">expression</a> can be configured and the value is extracted dynamically.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li><strong>Custom</strong>: Custom <a href="{{base_path}}/reference/synapse-properties/expressions">expression</a> can be configured and the value is extracted dynamically.</li>
```

<li><strong>Envelope</strong>: SOAP envelope of the original message used for enriching.</li>

> <li><strong>Body</strong> : SOAP body of the original message used for enriching.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li><strong>Body</strong>: SOAP body of the original message used for enriching.</li>
```

> <li><strong>Property</strong>: Specifies a property. For information on how you can use the property mediator to specify properties, see <a href="{{base_path}}/reference/mediators/property-mediator">property mediator</a></li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li><strong>Property</strong>: Specifies a property. For information on how you can use the property mediator to specify properties, see <a href="{{base_path}}/reference/mediators/property-mediator">property mediator</a>.</li>
```

> <li><strong>Property</strong> : Specifies a property. For information on how you can use the property mediator to specify properties, see <a href="{{base_path}}/reference/mediators/property-mediator">property mediator</a></li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li><strong>Property</strong>: Specifies a property. For information on how you can use the property mediator to specify properties, see <a href="{{base_path}}/reference/mediators/property-mediator">property mediator</a></li>
```

> <li><strong>Property</strong>: Specifies a property. For information on how you can use the property mediator to specify properties, see <a href="{{base_path}}/reference/mediators/property-mediator">property mediator</a>.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li><strong>Property</strong>: Specifies a property. For information on how you can use the property mediator to specify properties, see <a href="{{base_path}}/reference/mediators/property-mediator">Property Mediator</a>.</li>
```

> <li><strong>Inline</strong>: Specifies the source content defined inline in XML or JSON</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li><strong>Inline</strong>: Specifies the source content defined inline in XML or JSON.</li>
```

> <li><strong>Inline</strong> : Specifies the source content defined inline in XML or JSON</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li><strong>Inline</strong>: Specifies the source content defined inline in XML or JSON</li>
```

</ul>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

> ### Target Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Target configuration
```

The following properties are available:

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Parameter Name</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>Target Action</strong></td>
<td>By specifying the action type, the relevant action can be applied to modified message. Possible values are:
<ul>

> <li><strong>Replace</strong> : This replaces the message based on the target type specified on the target configuration. This is the default value for Target Action.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li><strong>Replace</strong>: This replaces the message based on the target type specified on the target configuration. This is the default value for Target Action.</li>
```

> <li><strong>Child</strong> : Add as a child of the specified target type.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li><strong>Child</strong>: Add as a child of the specified target type.</li>
```

> <li><strong>Sibling</strong> : Add as a sibling of the specified target type.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li><strong>Sibling</strong>: Add as a sibling of the specified target type.</li>
```

> <li><strong>Remove</strong> : Remove a selected part. This is supported only for JSON messages.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li><strong>Remove</strong>: Remove a selected part. This is supported only for JSON messages.</li>
```

</ul>
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><strong>Target Type</strong></td>
<td>By specifying the action type, the relevant action can be applied to modified message. Possible values are:
<ul>

> <li><strong>Custom</strong> : Custom <a href="{{base_path}}/reference/synapse-properties/expressions">expression</a> can be configured and the value is extracted dynamically.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li><strong>Custom</strong>: Custom <a href="{{base_path}}/reference/synapse-properties/expressions">expression</a> can be configured and the value is extracted dynamically.</li>
```

<li><strong>Envelope</strong>: SOAP envelope of the target message will be enriched.</li>
<li><strong>Body</strong>: SOAP body of the target message will be enriched.</li>

> <li><strong>Property</strong>: Specifies a property. For information on how you can use the property mediator to specify properties, see <a href="{{base_path}}/reference/mediators/property-mediator">property mediator</a></li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li><strong>Property</strong>: Specifies a property. For information on how you can use the property mediator to specify properties, see <a href="{{base_path}}/reference/mediators/property-mediator">Property Mediator</a>.</li>
```

> <li><strong>Property</strong> : Specifies a property. For information on how you can use the property mediator to specify properties, see <a href="{{base_path}}/reference/mediators/property-mediator">property mediator</a></li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li><strong>Property</strong>: Specifies a property. For information on how you can use the property mediator to specify properties, see <a href="{{base_path}}/reference/mediators/property-mediator">property mediator</a></li>
```

> <li><strong>Key</strong> : Specifies that the target type is key. Specifically used to rename an existing key name in JSON payloads. This is supported only for JSON messages.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li><strong>Key</strong>: Specifies that the target type is key. Specifically used to rename an existing key name in JSON payloads. This is supported only for JSON messages.</li>
```

</ul>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

!!! Info

>     For the target type `envelope`, the action type should be `replace`. Both action type `child` and `sibling` are not acceptable because it adds an envelope within an envelope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For the target type `envelope`, the action type should be `replace`. Both action types `child` and `sibling` are not acceptable because they add an envelope within an envelope.
```

        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th rowspan="6" style="vertical-align: middle; text-align: center;">Source type</th>
            <th></th>
            <th>custom</th>
            <th>envelope</th>
            <th>body</th>
            <th>property</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>custom</th>
            <td>valid</td>
            <td>invalid</td>
            <td>valid</td>
            <td>valid</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>envelope</th>
            <td>invalid</td>
            <td>invalid</td>
            <td>invalid</td>
            <td>valid</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>body</th>
            <td>valid</td>
            <td>invalid</td>
            <td>invalid</td>
            <td>valid</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>property</th>
            <td>valid</td>
            <td>valid</td>
            <td>valid</td>
            <td>valid</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th>inline</th>
            <td>valid</td>
            <td>valid</td>
            <td>valid</td>
            <td>valid</td>
        </tr>
    </table>

## Examples
    
### Example 1: Set the property symbol

> In this example, you are setting the property symbol. Later, you can log it using the [Log Mediator]({{base_path}}/reference/mediators/log-mediator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, you'll set the property symbol. Later, you can log it using the [Log Mediator]({{base_path}}/reference/mediators/log-mediator).
```

> In this example, you are setting the property symbol. Later, you can log it using the [Log Mediator]({{base_path}}/reference/mediators/log-mediator).

Author: ```suggestion
In this example, you are setting the envelope of the original message as a property. Later, you can log it using the [Log Mediator]({{base_path}}/reference/mediators/log-mediator).
```

</enrich>
```
    

> ### Example 2: Ads a child object to a property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 2: Add a child object to a property
```

> In this example, you add a child property named Lamborghini to a property named Cars. The configuration for this is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, you add a child property named `Lamborghini` to a property named `Cars`. The configuration for this is as follows:
```

</enrich>
```
    
### Example 2: Add a child object to a property
    

> In this example, you add a child property named `Lamborghini` to a property named `Cars`. The configuration for this is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, you'll add a child property named `Lamborghini` to a property named `Cars`. The configuration for this is as follows:
```

</proxy>
```
  
### Example 3: Add a SOAPEnvelope type object as a property to a message
    

> In this example, you add the SOAP envelope in a SOAP request as a property to a message. The Enrich mediator is useful in this scenario since adding the property directly using the [Property mediator]({{base_path}}/reference/mediators/property-mediator) results in the `SOAPEnvelope` object being created as an `OM` type object. The `OM` type object created cannot be converted back to a `SOAPEnvelope` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, you'll add the SOAP envelope in a SOAP request as a property to a message. The Enrich mediator is useful in this scenario since adding the property directly using the [Property mediator]({{base_path}}/reference/mediators/property-mediator) results in the `SOAPEnvelope` object being created as an `OM` type object. The `OM` type object created cannot be converted back to a `SOAPEnvelope` object.
```

}
```

#### Example 1: Extract content from the message payload and set it to the message body

> In this example, we will extract the content in the `data` object and set it as the message body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, you'll extract the content in the `data` object and set it as the message body.
```

Let's replace `we will` with `you'll`. There are multiple occurrences within the page.
